engine: Fix version fetcher (#1364)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/cluster-maintenance/configure-availability.adoc

+
image::shared:monitor_connections.png[Range of active connections over time]

. Set the `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` value based on your analysis. Use the upper bound of normal connections from step 3, or use a lower value if you know how many connections per client IP are being opened. 

. Continue monitoring the connection metrics after applying the limit to ensure that legitimate clients are not affected and that the problematic client is properly controlled.

> NOTE: When facing attacks from multiple IP addresses, `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` alone may be insufficient. If offending IPs outnumber legitimate client IPs, you'll need to set `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` so low that it affects legitimate clients. If this is the case, try using `kafka_connections_max_overrides` to exclude known legitimate client IPs from the connection limit.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "attacks" since it is not always "attacks" and more commonly for our case just accidents

> NOTE: If you find a high load of unexpected connections from multiple IP addresses, `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` alone may be insufficient. If offending IPs outnumber legitimate client IPs, you may need to set `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` so low that it affects legitimate clients. If this is the case, use `kafka_connections_max_overrides` to exempt known legitimate client IPs from the connection limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you find a high load of unexpected connections from multiple IP addresses, `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` alone may be insufficient. If offending IPs outnumber legitimate client IPs, you may need to set `kafka_connections_max_per_ip` so low that it affects legitimate clients. In this case, also use `kafka_connections_max_overrides` to exempt known legitimate client IPs from the connection limit.
```
Do I understand correctly that "affects legitimate clients" means those clients are completely blocked from connecting to the broker?

Reviewer 3: yes, they could be
